fix(datadog_agent)!: align `ddtags` parsing with DD logs intake (#20184)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/dd_agent_parse_ddtags_format.breaking.md

> Previously the `datadog_agent` setting `parse_ddtags` parsed the tag string into an Object. It is now parsed into an Array of `k:v` strings, which matches the  behavior of the Datadog logs backend intake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously the `datadog_agent` setting `parse_ddtags` parsed the tag string into an Object. It is now parsed into an Array of `key:value` strings, which matches the  behavior of the Datadog logs backend intake.
```
